/// BEGIN 

[ Socratic Dialetics ] : on trialectical anaytical school, the socratic dialetics is a method of study through the mapping of the knowledge on a recursive hierarquical structure of questions. As a map, the socratic helps one to navigate to the knowledge subject itself. 
1. The study is performed answering those questions through regular reading or teaching, but the outcome of the study should contain socratic dialetics, which serves to check, to remember or to be used to someone else. 
2. The socratic of some topic is a dynamic entity, it should be refined, improved to better map the knowledge of this topic. 
3. The trialectical anaytical school consider the tension and contradiction an important part of, but reject the emphasis on it by influence of marxism/hegelian dialetics on socratic. The socratic dialetics isnt solely for highlighting contradictions, but to map the form of deep understanding.

[ Socratic Dialetics ]
? What is dialetics 
?? What is dialetics on Sócrates perspective 
??? What is dialetics on general context 
??? How it differ from socratic dialetics 
??? How it compares with socratic dialetics 
??? What are the steps on socratic dialogue 
?? How socratic dialetics is performed 
? What is a recursive hierarquical structure 
?? Examples of recursive hierarquical structure notation used on programming 
??? What is programming
:= Concept < Model * Structure 
SMB := Structural Modelling Basis := (Whole,Parts,Relation)
? Can we say that a model act as a map to navigate through the ideas of a concept 
?? What is a map 
?? What is the meaning of mapping 
?? How a map improve the conciousness 
? Can we say that a socratic dialetics is the structure to understanding
?? Socratic Dialetics < (Deep Understanding, Understand of Parts, Understand of Relation Between Parts) 
'The emphasis on underlying contradictions seems to be overestimated by hegelian dialetics, as it seems that the process of division of topics isnt a contradiction process, but a induction of the form, and even on relation between the parts of a model could not reveal contradiction, but interaction, complementarity, support.'
? What can you say about this
?? Is the socratic always generated by tension and contradiction 
?? Is the socratic always looking for conflicting interations 

/// END